fix: Files contextual bar reactivity (#34860)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/nasty-shirts-rule.md

---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': patch
---

> Fixes an issue with incoming file messages on files contextual bar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where the room's file list wouldn't display new files in real time
```
